Make entity and level screens work again.
    Yeah I screwed them up epic style.

Animated Sprites in Adventure Screen
    Yep should have animated sprites. Can either be controlled by script or
    autolooping animations that play as soon as you enter the level.

Make sure bullet and actor ids start at 1 not 0
    Yeah I need 0 to represent no valid bullet so there must not be anything
    with id 0 or it will screw up.

Invalid level file causes segfault
    Program should not segfault in any circumstances. Same thing when passing
    a battle script too.

Set Origin in EntityScreen
    Yeah I forgot to do that last time so I need to do it now.

EntityScreen zooming
    Make it that the zoom centres around the current middle of the screen.
    Also make it that the mesh vertex selection zone doesn't get bigger when
    zoom.

Boating screen
    Yeah so the boating screen is a special kind of adventure screen where you
    can also have things moving around in 3d behind the photosphere as well as
    a floor and sky which are drawn with a shader.
    So in order to enable the boating screen, you will just need to call some
    kind of script endpoint 

Alt text on buttons
    Yeah so far have been too lazy but it should be easy enough to do and thus
    I ough to do it. It will not be word wrapped, it will just write exactly
    what is there. It's important because the inventory kinda needs it.

Build for all platforms
    Need to figure out an automatic way of building for linux, mac, and windows
    at the same time. Also test it works on windows since that will be freaky.

Put save files in home
    This is necessary because otherwise when they update their save file will
    be lost, and they need to be able to update.

Add an option tag to the game.xml file
    This can be used to provide defaults and things which get used in the
    standard library. Whenever a script is created, the full dictionary of
    options should be made available to it. First usage I can think of is in
    battle.lua it should control the names of the sound effects that are used.
    And in gui.lua it should control the text that appears on the next button.

Make it that screenshots have got names that come from a timestamp.
    Just make it a unix timestamp or something so that it does not cover over
    old pics.

Make it so script errors are outputted properly
    Sometimes it just says "error in string [...]" or something which is a shit
    error message.

Optimise the rat draw functions
    They get called a fair bit and seem kinda shitty, so it would be good if
    I could find a way of optimising them. Though now I think of it I dunno
    how.

3D sound effects for boat screen
    Yeah need to hear sounds from where they come from you know.

Cool ocean shader.
    Yeah I dunno if I could be bothered but it would be nice to have a water
    shader that can do dirty brown water and specular highlights and sky
    reflection.

Multiple timesteps
    Yeah so it would be good if the main program and rendering had a variable
    timestep kept on vsync, and then you could set things up to be run at
    a given rate where every frame it sees how many frames should have been run
    in total based on the current time and then does enough frames to catch it
    up to that amount.

Lindel Behaviour State machine
    Yeah lindel behaviour cannot be controlled through the script because it
    would require an obscene number of engine calls and thus we are gonna use a 
    state machine to get reasonably fancy actions but fully inside the engine.

-------------------- complete to here before bug game -------------------------

Screen where you can browse files and choose to edit entities or levels
    Maybe also let them edit the general config here but I am not sure I will
    allow that as it is complicated. Actually it would be doable, but yeah nah
    why bother.

Improve core parsing core
    It sucks ASS. Actually also generally improve all the FileIO code to have
    less of the same stuff over and over.

Hotkeys for buttons
    Yeah would be nice for example to make it that the exit inventory button
    can be activated by pressing escape. The hotkey is the only way because of
    the fact that gui stuff is running in it's own screen. Would also be nice
    for knob based puzzles.

Remove ghc::filesystem when c++17 is better supported
    Yes do that, dunno when that is gonna be doable though.

Make it so the same sound can't be played twice in one frame.
    It sounds loud and annoying. Should be disabled. I don't really know any
    way to do this without looping for each sound player and checking what it's
    playing and when it started playing it which kinda sucks.
    Maybe instead I could just make it that if two sounds have the same
    priority, normally the newer one will take over, but not if it is still the
    same frame that that one started in.

Indicate FPS on battle screen
    Yeah it is necessary to show the frame rate so people can't cheat, but it
    seems kinda wasteful to convert the FPS to a string every frame.
    THen again, does it really stop cheating anyway??

Particle system
    Will add a seperate list/pool to the world object that stores particle
    effects that are currently running. If they are found to not be on the
    screen they will be immediately killed.

Allow any aspect ratio for battles.
    Yeah so it adds those panels to the sides of a battle to make the aspect
    ratio be something in battles, well that should be configurable in the
    game.xml file. Actually maybe it should be configurable all the time.

Validate xml input more so that people know when they have fucked up.
    DONT segfault on bad input for god's sake.

------------------ complete to here before piss 2 -----------------------------
